Game Title: Fix’em
Concept: You are a man in your house when suddenly robots break into your house, and you need to fix them by throwing your monkey wrench at them and stop them from coming at you.
Gameplay and mechanics: The game is very simple to play. All you need to do is point your mouse at where you want to throw and then just left click on your mouse to throw a wrench. If it hits a robot it “fixes” it and has them disappear making it easier to hit the robots in the back while also letting it stay hard by needing to aim for those robots that are further away.
Basic Requirements: My game meets all the basic requirements because it was created in unity 2D. It is played with a mouse only. It can be completed in 10 seconds with 14 sec when you include the intro-game-win/lose animations. In the intro it gives text to the player to know what to do which is left click to throw wrench and fix robots. The clear goal of the game is to throw wrench at the robots and fix’em to win the game as stated in the intro. Once certain events are completed the player will either win or lose the game by the player fixing all the robots or the counter running out. And it is not a clone of a Unity game that I have seen or found.
Audio requirements: While the game is playing background music is playing. During the intro, the music is first played while text tells the player what to do. After the player wins or loses, different music is played, and the text gets enabled for the game. And every time the wrench is thrown because of a whooshing sound made, it is possible that this might not count as a significant sound effect.
Visual requirements: I have included a background I found online and inserted it into the game. I created a couple of sprits into the game such as the player, the hand where the wrench is thrown which I also drew and the robots. I have 2 particle effects; one from the robots and then one from the wrench when it hits something. And the UI at the top shows a countdown timer at the top.
